Jira:
-----
1. Goto the provided jira url and provide the user credentials. These are provided by the company.
2. goto projects then create the project.( This may be created by your manager or any team member)
3. Create the task (Story point) in the project.
   (i) Click on Create -> Select the project 
   (ii) Select the issue type - Story, Bug, Epic.
   (iii) Epic is bigger part of the story. A Story can be split into multiple sub stories or sub tasks.
   (iv) Priory need to be specified for the story (task).
   (v) Add the attachement if anything is there. Then Assign the specific person.
   (vi) Select the sprint if any sprint is created then click on create button. It creates the story.
4. Once Story is created you can view in the backlogs link in the left side of the panel.
5. In backlogs we may also create Sprint with unique number. Add the stories to the sprint 
6. Once Sprint is created then start the sprint by click on Start sprint and select the sprint which we need to run
7. Before starting any task, Goto Boards->Team board -> Select the take and you can see all the activities in right panel of the window. 
8. We can also add the comments in the comment section for the task. 
9. Activity shows the following - All, Comments, Work Log, History, Activity
10. Status of the task is - TODO, In Progress, InComplete, Done, Closed,etc..
11. In Team borad we can see the Sprint Report with timelines.
Create a bug
1. Click on Create -> Open the Create Issue window.
2. Select the Project, Issue type (Bug), Summary, Description with an attachement.
3. Select Prioriy
4. Assign to specific person
5. Any Epic Link then specify
6. Select the Sprint
7. Click on Create button then Bug is created.
How many issues :
1. Click on issues -> you will get My open Issues.
2. Here you will see the history of the issues. (Issue can be In Progress state)
3. Here we have filters like Project, Type, Status, Current User.
4. Fix the issue by specifying the comment and click submit button then mail will get automatically.
5. Once fix the issue then closing or reopen the issue. The history is displayed here.
6. you can also view the Reports in Piechar representaion











